Cumulus 1896 (#30)
nasa/cumulus-ecs-task: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [v.1.6.0]

## BREAKING CHANGES

> - **CUMULUS-1896** - Updates to the cma-js library and Cumulus core required an update to this image to utilize Async handlers.  See [node.js lambda documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/nodejs-handler.html) for more on this.   Users utilizing this module should update their lambdas to utilize an async handler style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CUMULUS-1896** - Updates to the [cumulus-message-adapter-js](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus-message-adapter-js) library and Cumulus core required an update to this image to utilize async handlers.  See [Node.js Lambda documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/nodejs-handler.html) for more information on async handlers. Users utilizing this module should update their lambdas to utilize an async handler style.
```
